Privacy Policy

This privacy policy has been written for the sole purpose of explaining how we collect and use the information as well as what information that might be when you visit or use any of the metahex products and services. By accessing and/or using this or any affiliated websites, you are agreeing to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy.

What information do we obtain and how is it used?

Automatically Collected Information

We do not collect any user provided information, but we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the apps and games.

Do we collect precise real time location information of the device?

We do not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by metahex?

No. We don't share your information with third parties.

 
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information:
– as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
– when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
– with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
– if metahex is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, the new owner and/or partner will have access to all the information collected provided that the mentioned policies and principles of the privacy policy are followed and respected as stated above.
– to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below

Automatic Data Collection and Advertising

AdMob

AdMob is one of the world’s largest mobile advertising platforms and claims to serve more than 40 billion mobile banner and text ads per month across mobile Web sites and handset applications. Read about their privacy policy here.

Contact us

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using our products and services, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at metahex12@gmail.com.
